---
layout: post
title: "more about xinyu"
date: 2015-04-30 21:57:39
tags: thoughts
<!-- published: false -->
---
<!-- I didn't want to be a designer or an artist when I was growing up. I made drawings and paintings but thought I was not good enough to make it as a living.-->

I went to college in Las Vegas for business and after college, I followed the typical path. I started working because I needed a job and because I thought that was what I was supposed to do. I did not quite know what kind of job I wanted after college, so I started working at a big hotel company there. I thought it was just something that's going to be temporary. But while working at that job, I can never figure out what I wanted to do, so I kept working at the same job. As months pass, as years pass, I still didn't know, and it got more and more frustrating. And as the nature of the job in the financial field, it became really repetitive. Every week, every month, every quarter, I did the same thing over and over again. I miss the excitement, I miss the challenge of learning new thing. I felt dread when going to work. After work, I will come home, being tired, emotionally drained, and just frustrated with everything in my life. But what was even harder was I didn't know what else I wanted to do or capable of doing. I went on-line, explored different careers, trying to find something that I will enjoy doing but nothing looked appeal to me. so I just kept working there. This went on for about 3 years. It was a tough time in my life. I remembered that I was getting many grey hairs because of the stress. 

I was always interested in starting an on-line business, because I spent so much time on-line ever since when I was in high school. I had read many stories about people making money on-line, and they had so much freedom because they can work anywhere they wanted. and it was around 2012 when I read "The $100 Startup" by Chris Guillebeau and "4-Hour Work Week" by Tim ferris, and reading them just changed my attitude about life. I decided I didn't want to work work work until 65 and then retire and then enjoy life. I wanted enjoy life now while I was still young. 

In 2014, I decided to go to the World Domination Summit in Portland, Oregon because I needed to get away, I needed to do something different. My plan was when I went back to Las Vegas, I was going to quit my job. But when I was at WDS, I never found out what it was I wanted to do. So when I came back to Las Vegas, I didn't have any other options. So I went back to work, and that was really depressing. I stuck with it for another 5 months. During that time, I started going to local meetups. 

Finally around September 2014, I decided to make a serious change, because I just did not like what I was doing or not doing with my life. It was the time in my life I just had enough. I remembered I drove home one night after work. I was mentally tired. I was just staring at the road. I was thinking "I am so tired. I wanted to do something I enjoyed." but I had just been not taking much actions for a long time. So I came home that night, turned on my laptop, I opened up a word document, and typed a list of things I needed to do. I didn't want to put it off any more. I always wanted to learn photoshop, but I had always put it off, because I had always focused on making money. but this time, it was about doing something I enjoyed. I want to do something that will allow me to be creative, allow me to draw. I started reading about people going to bootcamps or workshops. before that, I had looked at books, I looked at online tutorials but I didn't have the time and the patience to learn how to do it. So i put my dream aside. but this time, I found an instructor named Sam Kapila. I came across her podcasts, one of her podcast I believe was recorded when she was teaching at university. 

I decided to move to Austin.I was going to study web design. This has been something I wanted to do. But for one reason or another, I put it off. So in Dec 2014, I went over to Austin. The school was going to be for three month. I wasn't sure if I was going to like it. I was so used to be in my comfort zone. This is so far away from my comfort zone. 

I started living in Austin. I started going to school. I actually enjoyed being a student again. I enjoyed studying, working on projects. It was so nice to wake up and not worry about going to work. I enjoyed talking to other students, eating great food in Austin. My plan was to start doing some web design freelancing.  

